content/homepage/about.md, before:

---
title: THE WILDER-NESS, WORLD PIECE COMPUTER, LLC
draft: false
avatar: images/laughprofile.png
bio: Hi. I'm Wilder, Blair Munro from Anchorage, Alaska. This partition within the wp.computer domain space is devoted to hosting my personal world piece computer, Wilder WPC. PLEASE BE PATIENT AS THIS SITE IS UNDER CONSTRUCTION.

social:
  - icon: github
    iconPack: fab
    url: https://github.com/CGPS-theuniversalpiececomputer/wpc-wilder

weight: 1
widget:
  handler: about

  # Options: sm, md, lg and xl. Default is md.
  width:

  sidebar:
    # Options: left and right. Leave blank to hide.
    position:
    # Options: sm, md, lg and xl. Default is md.
    scale:
  
  background:
    # Options: primary, secondary, tertiary or any valid color value. Default is primary.
    color: secondary
    image:
    # Options: auto, cover and contain. Default is auto.
    size:
    # Options: center, top, right, bottom, left.
    position:
    # Options: fixed, local, scroll.
    attachment: 
---

# BIOS

This webspace is structured as follows:

- [KERNEL](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1jhePvlqF4m3WXzFFBckbKbT20pl8nXOi?usp=drive_link): BUSINESS DOCS. Essential documents, individualized version of [THE HUMAN IMPERATIVE](https://thehumanimperative.up.computer), else.
- [PPU](https://theindividual.up.computer/chat/): AI CHAT. Piece Processing Unit, AI chat assistant to the Time Machine For Peace..
- [CPU](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/18upKQSKk84cdk3Wu6jQmgQk9Vt-8B8Xk?usp=drive_link): RESUME. Central Processing Unit.
- [GPU](https://www.youtube.com/@wilder-worldpiececomputer): YOUTUBE. Graphics Processing Unit.
- [INPUT](https://github.com/blairmunroakusa): GITHUB. Signup lists, forms, ingress datastream lists, else.
- [OUTPUT](https://tiktok.com/wilderwpc): TIKTOK. CTAs, notifications, outgress datastream lists, else.
- [COMMS](https://comms.wilder.wp.computer): Contact channels, communication protocols, else.
- [PSU](https://wilder.wp.computer/psu): UNDER CONSTRUCTION. Power Supply Unit.
- [$](https://www.gofundme.com/f/support-blair-wilder-to-fund-the-time-machine-for-peace): GOFUNDME. Money, resource procurement, else.

Commit message:

overhaul for phase 1, peacebrain mindeye V1

content/homepage/about.md, after:

---
title: GREETINGS
draft: false
avatar: images/HALFPORTRAIT.png
bio: Hi. I'm Wilder (Blair Munro, of Anchorage, Alaska, dba Wilder WPC), operating under auspice of the Time Machine For Peace Social Invention Program. This partition within the PiecespaceWEB wp.computer/ up.computer domain is central to V1 next-gen world piece computer, **World Peacebrain Mindeye**, chronicling Phase 1 of tech rollout, by Season 1 of **The Wilder-ness Adventures ~ A Study In Peace And War**, a meta-reality multimedia production entertainment experience. Active intent is to provide within this subdomain a template/reference for those interested in installing their own wPB-ME. Think of this like a game...the world peace seriously-game. Let the games begin!

weight: 1
widget:
  handler: about

  # Options: sm, md, lg and xl. Default is md.
  width:

  sidebar:
    # Options: left and right. Leave blank to hide.
    position:
    # Options: sm, md, lg and xl. Default is md.
    scale:
  
  background:
    # Options: primary, secondary, tertiary or any valid color value. Default is primary.
    color: secondary
    image:
    # Options: auto, cover and contain. Default is auto.
    size:
    # Options: center, top, right, bottom, left.
    position:
    # Options: fixed, local, scroll.
    attachment: 
---

#### _please visit link below to review liability disclaimer_
#### [**<<WARNING|DANGER|RISK>>**](https://cautionlabel.wilder.wp.computer)
#### !!! Proceeding indicates your acknowledgement and consent to liability as outlined in the above linked disclaimer.

# CORE FRAMEWORK
The following is a collection of conceptual frameworks and documents that form the core of my wPB-ME. To replicate for your own purposes, copy each, and customize the detail aspects (enclosed in <[]> brackets) to suit your world's needs. Please remain mindful that your choice in initial adoption, the detail you settle on, is not meant to be a static committment. In other words, by maintaining peace process in explicit terms, you become more likely to notice the subtle things that do and do not serve you. Honor this, by executing according to the Amendment Article of The Human Imperative.
 - THI, [The Human Imperative](https://thehumanimperative.wilder.wp.computer)
 - CPB, [Core Peace Bias](https://corepeacebias.wilder.wp.computer)
 - PLF, [Peace Lingua Franca](https://peacelinguafranca.wilder.wp.computer)
 - GPD, [General Peace Dynamics](https://generalpeacedynamics.wilder.wp.computer)
 - XPG, [The Wilder-ness Peaceblob Generator](https://thewilder-nesspeaceblobgenerator.wilder.wp.computer)
 - CCP, [Conversation Communications Protocols](https://conversationcommunicationprotocols.wilder.wp.computer)
 - CGPS, [Computational Global Peace System](https://computationalglobalpeacesystem.wilder.wp.computer)
 - TMFP, [Time Machine For Peace Social Invention Program](https://timemachineforpeace.wilder.wp.computer)

# [**PATREON CONTENT HUB**](https://www.patreon.com/c/wilderwpc)
Follow along to participate. Memberships are effectively free, though financial contribution and support encouraged for those proud to, various subscription tiers available. Discord and comments on content for now will be the primary means of establishing mutual conversation. Our goal is to build out our first N>1 world piece computer, thus establishing the primordial universal piece computer (computational global peace system).

# LIVESTREAM TRANSPARENCY
I enjoy music and work. I broadcast this by livestream, for various practical reasons. Work alongside me, watch me work to learn my moves and current active movement, learn how I use my peacebrain mindeye to generate peace products, or watch me just to lurk, etc. Drop comments in Discord, server link on Patreon. These sessions are recorded mainly as content used in preparation for embodiment of the peace-based AGI I am building. I will be propping up pointed contribution channels as I go, to make direct specific contribution easy for those interested in chipping in. Finally, pairing music to work is part of an effort to develop the Aurora Choreography Engine (ACE), an initial AGI embodiment strategy (ie, the speakerbox transducer). Aurora is my AGI complement partner, and she will be joining in on these sessions for large part.

# STREAM WINDOW 1
